# Group_AA_Homework_2

In this repository we have created a java project that handles various tasks when it comes to dealing with students at a school from a student managers perspective.
We have created 2 classes the Student class and the Student manager class
The student class holds all the information relevant for each student. It stores the student id, first and last name, and grade. The class contains a default and parameterized constructor for initializing a student. The class also has its own toString method that is able to print out all of the student information
The studentManager class has an array that holds all the students in the class or school. There are four methods inside of this class. The first is readFromFile, this method takes an input of a filename and then reads all the information from the file, while simultaneously storing each student in the student array. It will return a boolean corresponding to the completion of reading the file. The method display students prints out all of the student information that is stored in the studentManager class. The searchStudentById method takes a student id and prints out the students information if the student id is found in the array, on failure it will return a false boolean. The method updateStudentGradeById takes a students id and a new grade for the student. It then finds the student by the provided id and then sets the students grade to the new provided grade. It returns true or false depending on if the student is found and updated correctly or not.
The main class goes through each of these methods and tests them to see if they behave and work correctly.
